Yes, sir.
Please, our super VIP, I welcome you
I see which of you dares to move
Miss, may I remind you
Our hotel is owned by the Pregnancy Group
We prefer a high-quality distinguished bite
Good idea.
Then open your eyes and see if it's okay?
This card knows
Mr. George personally issued the black card
Are you our super VIP?
Are you fucking blind?
He is a courier.
How could you recognize the missing
George is so shameless
Are you acting?
You're not even qualified to kick Mr. George's shoes
How could you possibly have a black card?
That is.
He must know Lin Shao
I'm going to treat you to dinner today
To support myself
So I created a fake card
If it is fake, you will know after swallowing it.
Yes, yes, yes, it's true or not, don't eat it either.
Lin Shao is right
His card is fake
Hahahaha
Shenyang
What else do you have to quibble about?
How dare George lie to me?
Somebody impersonate these two
Mr. George's VIP guy threw it out for me
Wait a minute.
Don't you like to pretend?
Good idea.
Then you lick everyone's shoes clean
Or you don't even think about leaving this room